README.md, before:

# Project-4-UI
### Full stack JS Assignment


[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/pranitcode) [![Made With Love](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-Love-orange.svg)](https://github.com/pranitcode)

![ineuro, lco](https://img.shields.io/badge/iNeuron-LCO-green)![hitesh choudhary](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hitesh--Choudhary-Full--stack--JS--bootcamp-red)

![HTML & CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-CSS-orange)

![Live class](https://img.shields.io/badge/LIVE--CLASS-PROJECT-lightgrey)

![name](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pranit--Ingole-BE--Information--Technology--2022-lightgrey)

<!-- Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book.. -->

## Technology Stack Used

![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/frontend-html-orange.svg?logo=html5&style=flat-square) 

![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/frontend-css-yellowgreen.svg?logo=css3&style=flat-square)


- Front End - **HTML**, **CSS**


#### Shopify clone  [Preview Link](https://project-4-ui.netlify.app/)

---

![shopify.](./assets/Screenshot%20(134).png)

### Need help?

  [![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=follow&message=@pranit.ingole&color=grey&logo=instagram&style=flat&logoColor=white&colorA=critical)](https://www.instagram.com/prani.ingole/)
  
   [![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=follow&message=@pranitcode&color=grey&logo=instagram&style=flat&logoColor=white&colorA=critical)](https://www.instagram.com/pranitcodes/)

   [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=connect&message=@pranitingole&color=9cf&logo=linkedin&style=flat&logoColor=white&colorA=blue)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pranitingole/) 

***Glad to see you here! Show some love by [starring](https://github.com/pranitcode/Project-4-UI) this repo.***


******

Commit message:

readme add project done for find coder

README.md, after:

# Project-4-UI
### Full stack JS Assignment


[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/pranitcode) [![Made With Love](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20With-Love-orange.svg)](https://github.com/pranitcode)

![ineuro, lco](https://img.shields.io/badge/iNeuron-LCO-green)![hitesh choudhary](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hitesh--Choudhary-Full--stack--JS--bootcamp-red)

![HTML & CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-CSS-orange)

![Live class](https://img.shields.io/badge/LIVE--CLASS-PROJECT-lightgrey)

![name](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pranit--Ingole-BE--Information--Technology--2022-lightgrey)

I built this project in 5 hours, For making this project, I used HTML and CSS only. I applied some important CSS properties like CSS positioning, CSS hover effect, z-index, CSS flexbox, and other properties.

## Technology Stack Used

![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/frontend-html-orange.svg?logo=html5&style=flat-square) 

![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/frontend-css-yellowgreen.svg?logo=css3&style=flat-square)


- Front End - **HTML**, **CSS**


#### SEO Agency Site project 4 UI  [Preview Link](https://project-4-ui.netlify.app/)

---

![shopify.](./assets/Screenshot%20(134).png)

### Need help?

  [![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=follow&message=@pranit.ingole&color=grey&logo=instagram&style=flat&logoColor=white&colorA=critical)](https://www.instagram.com/prani.ingole/)
  
   [![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=follow&message=@pranitcode&color=grey&logo=instagram&style=flat&logoColor=white&colorA=critical)](https://www.instagram.com/pranitcodes/)

   [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=connect&message=@pranitingole&color=9cf&logo=linkedin&style=flat&logoColor=white&colorA=blue)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pranitingole/) 

***Glad to see you here! Show some love by ❤️ [like](https://www.findcoder.io/project/seo--agency-site-project-four-ui/631119f43f7d1206860dca96) this project on [findcoder](https://www.findcoder.io/u/pranitingole) .***


******
